*Document Details* 
<br></br>
This was created by Mariska Heera Mohanadas, senior. There were images in the original documents, pdf versions can be found on teams with the images included. 


**DOLFIN DATA GOVERNANCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE**

**DOLFIN CORPORATION\
DATABYTES COMPANY**

**T1 2024**

# Contents 

[Policy: Data Governance](#policy-data-governance)

[SECTION 1 - Purpose](#section-1---purpose)

[SECTION 2 - Overview](#section-2---overview)

[SECTION 3 - Scope](#section-3---scope)

[SECTION 4 - Definitions](#section-4---definitions)

[SECTION 5 - Policy Statement](#section-5---policy-statement)

[General Policy Statement](#general-policy-statement)

[Procedure: Data Governance](#procedure-data-governance)

[SECTION 1 -- Data Custodianship and Roles](#section-1-data-custodianship-and-roles)

[SECTION 2 -- Data Management](#section-2-data-management)

[Data Classification](#data-classification)

[Data Security Events or Weaknesses](#data-security-events-or-weaknesses)

[ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS](#acknowledgements)

[ASSUMPTIONS](#assumptions)

# Policy: Data Governance 

## SECTION 1 - Purpose 

(1) This policy aims to define and specify Dolfin's framework for data
    governance, which will be used to manage data security, quality,
    integrity, and utilisation during the course of its lifespan.

(2) Data and information are the organisation's strategic assets, and it
    is essential for organisational operations to design suitable
    procedures for managing and using them.

(3) The company may be exposed to risks and experience operational
    inefficiencies as a result of inadequate governance.

## SECTION 2 - Overview 

(4) In terms of governance, staff, procedures, content, and systems,
    this policy establishes guidelines to guarantee the accuracy and
    consistency of Dolfin data.

(5) Improving information and data management from a tactical, strategic
    and operational standpoint would enable the organisation to make
    better use of and exploit its business processes, capabilities, and
    information.

(6) Dolfin acknowledges the following:

    a.  Data is a strategic and valuable asset.

    b.  Clear accountability structures will be established for data.

    c.  Data management will adhere to both internal policies and
        external regulations.

    d.  Data quality will be consistently defined and managed across its
        lifecycle.

## SECTION 3 - Scope 

(7) This Policy applies to:

    a.  All organisational information and data (in any format) used in
        Dolfin's administration.

    b.  Employees, contractors, consumers, and other third parties who,
        in the course of their work, have access to Dolfin's
        information, information systems, and other network facilities.

(8) Policy excludes:

    a.  None currently specified.

## SECTION 4 - Definitions 

***Architecture*** is the process of developing, modelling, obtaining
and integrating data.

***Data*** means any recorded information, including technical data,
fact representations, numbers, and any other kind of information that
can be shared, processed, and stored.

***Data Governance*** is an information governance subset, referring to
the formalisation of an organisation's practices for the definition,
use, and data product to reduce risk and enhance the usefulness and
quality of particular data.

***Data Management*** refers to the skills that are used to guarantee
the privacy, accuracy, quality, and security of information and data
assets across the course of their lifetimes using people, procedures,
and technology.

***Data Custodianship*** is the administrative and/or operational duty
for organisational data.

***Data domain*** refers to high-level categories of organisational
information and data that have been established in order to allocate
accountability and ownership for the data.

***Information*** is any data, in any format, that has been processed,
arranged, structured, or presented in a specific context to make it
usable.

***Information and Data Management Lifecycle*** means the procedures
used to manage data and information from the time of its intended
generation or acquisition until its ultimate disposal.

***Information Governance*** aims to maximise the value of Dolfin's
information and data by optimising and exploiting it, and refers to the
policy-based control of information and data to satisfy risk and
business demands.

***Institutional Information and Data*** is data created, received,
stored, and/or transmitted by the organisation during its operations
that is either owned by Dolfin or is licensed for use in such
operations.

***Metadata*** contains details on the location and time of the
information or data's collection, creation, organisation, transmission
(if applicable),

***Security*** refers to the safety of Dolfin data and information.

***Dolfin Community*** refers to employees and other community members
who, as part of their affiliation with the organisation, generate,
receive, store, access, send, utilise, or discard information and data.

## SECTION 5 - Policy Statement 

### General Policy Statement 

(9) To handle data and information in accordance with operational,
    legal, regulatory, and risk requirements, Dolfin will guarantee
    proper governance.

(10) The following basic guidelines apply to the governance of
     organisational:

     a.  Dolfin will maintain an organisational culture shirt to
         guarantee excellence in data governance and superior
         infrastructure in all its domains.

     b.  To support the application's functionality, Dolfin is dedicated
         to guaranteeing data quality and integrity.

     c.  Dolfin will make sure that individuals in charge of data have
         access to a system of policies and training that guarantees
         data protection through governance and cyber security support
         agencies.

     d.  To guarantee inclusive, transparent, and courteous governance
         of personal data, Dolfin shall have procedures and standards in
         place.

     e.  To achieve excellence in the customer experience with the
         Dolfin application, Dolfin will make sure that data governance
         and management settings are developed that support analytics
         practices among its employees, all without unreasonably
         jeopardising consumer privacy.

     f.  Dolfin will demonstrate leadership by encouraging data exchange
         and provide direction and clarification about sensitive data
         and data security.

     g.  Through data governance, Dolfin is dedicated to achieving
         better results for our community, the environment, our country,
         and the globe.

(11) The roles, accountability, and obligations in relation to the
     management of data and information are defined by the *Data
     Governance Procedure* which may be found below in the Procedures
     part of the Policy.

(12) Dolfin records are maintained current and in an auditable,
     traceable way at every stage of the information and data lifecycle.

(13) In compliance with Dolfin's privacy policy, information and data
     are kept and disposed of appropriately.

# Procedure: Data Governance 

## SECTION 1 -- Data Custodianship and Roles 

(14) The area of custodianship is determined by Dolfin Business Domains
     outlined in the Enterprise Information Model.

(15) Data Custodianship is facilitated by:

     a.  Data Custodian: responsible for overseeing all administrative
         and/or operational aspects of the Business Domain; and

     b.  Data Steward: designated by the Custodian and assists Custodian
         in carrying out day-to-day custodianship-related tasks.

(16) Data Custodianship aims to guarantee that organisational data
     complies with all relevant internal and external laws, rules and
     standards.

(17) Within their Business Domain, Data Custodians are responsible for:

     a.  Shared Dolfin Data Stores which are repositories for
         institutional data management and storage intended to assist
         data analytics and institutional reporting.

     b.  Dolfin Source Systems that are employed in a Business Domain to
         carry out regular business operations.

(18) The Chief Information Officer and Director of Data Analytics
     collaborate to nominate individuals to the data governance
     responsibilities.

## SECTION 2 -- Data Management 

(19) Every piece of organisational data has to be:

     a.  categorised using the Enterprise Information Model.

     b.  comply with the categorisation, storage, security, and Dolfin
         Data Architecture guidelines.

### Data Classification 

(20) The Data Classification Scheme should be followed for classifying
     organisational data, and one of the following four categorisations
     levels should be assigned:

     a.  protected

     b.  confidential

     c.  internal only (by default)

     d.  Open

(21) The internal only categorisation level will be applied by default
     to any data that has not been assigned to one of the four
     categories.

(22) The more restricted classification level has to be used if the data
     may be classified into more than one classification level.

(23) When assigning a classification level to data within their Business
     Domain, the Data Custodian must take into account the following
     factors:

     a.  the asset's value and/or sensitivity, as well as the level of
         protection to be used;

     b.  the asset's confidentiality, integrity and availability;

     c.  the intended distribution with regard to the asset's
         confidentiality, integrity, and availability profile;

     d.  striking a balance between the intended outcomes and the
         day-to-day requirements of operations management; and

     e.  modification possibility after the initial data classification.

(24) The following parties must be consulted before institutional data
     is categorised as Confidential or Protected or before any data is
     modified from these classification levels:

     a.  Legal Services

     b.  The Privacy Officer

(25) The more restrictive categorisation level needs to be used in cases
     when there is a conflict between contractual, legal, or regulatory
     obligations.

(26) All information belonging to Dolfin must be stored safely and
     shielded against illegal use, access and disclosure.

(27) Data Stewards are in charge of authorising new or modified user
     access in accordance with each user's unique function.

(28) Access to data must be granted, changed, or revoked through a
     formal registration process that complies with the Data Security
     Policy.

(29) Data Stewards are responsibility for routinely auditing user access
     in collaboration with the Information Services Security team.

(30) Employees are in charge of safeguarding the organisation's data
     stores and are required to implement good data security practices,
     which include:

     a.  preventing unauthorised access to dashboards, reports or raw
         data, regardless of the device or location;

     b.  producing reports that adhere to privacy principles;

     c.  distributing reports, analysis, and data only to authorised
         recipients;

     d.  upholding the data classification and protection levels in
         reports and output generated throughout the data lifecycle; and

     e.  reporting any detected or suspected data security events or
         weaknesses to the appropriate Data Steward.

(31) The maintenance of data classification levels and the regular
     monitoring of compliance with the data classification levels used
     in reporting and analytics are the responsibilities of Data
     Custodians and/or Data Stewards.

### Data Security Events or Weaknesses

(32) Information system or service users are required to promptly notify
     the appropriate Data Steward of any discovered or suspected
     security incidents or vulnerabilities.

(33) The user of Data Steward should notify the Incident Response
     Liaison in line with Dolfin's *Incident Response Policy* in the
     event that an actual, prospective, or suspected data security
     incident involving personal information.

(34) The **Incident Response Liaison** can be reached at: (03) 1800 765
     from 7:00am -- 7:00pm AEST Sunday to Saturday unless otherwise
     notified.

# ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Dolfin Data Governance Policy and Data Governance Procedure were
made with reference to La Trobe's Data Governance Policy, Australia
National University's Data Governance Policy, various Data Policies of
financial institutions including, but not limited to, Westpac Group and
ANZ, OECD Digital Guide to Data Governance Policy, OECD Data Governance
general resources, Westpac Group Consumer Data Right Policy and more.

In compliance with Public Governance, Performance and Accountability
Rule 2014 and Privacy Act 1988. Doublecheck other sources of regulations
this needs to be in compliance with.

# ASSUMPTIONS 

The assumption made for this policy is that Dolfin operates as its own
corporation, a subsidiary of the Databytes company. Moreover, it is
assumed that the roles discussed are present and available in the
company at the time of the policy's and procedure's implementation. It
is also assumed that the policy and procedure were already given the
approval of Dolfin owners and related board members.

There are assumptions made, with reference throughout the policy and
procedure made to a "Data Security Policy", "Information Services
Security team", "Privacy Officer" and other roles and job descriptions
that such roles do or will exist at the time of the policy's creation
and implementation.

There is a pre-existing Business Enterprise Model that covers Dolfin's
Business Domains, including, but not limited to, Human Resources,
Information Security, and Administration.

#  
=======
*Document Details* 
<br></br>
This was created by Mariska Heera Mohanadas, senior. There were images in the original documents, pdf versions can be found on teams with the images included. 


**DOLFIN DATA GOVERNANCE POLICY AND PROCEDURE**

**DOLFIN CORPORATION\
DATABYTES COMPANY**

**T1 2024**

# Contents 

[Policy: Data Governance](#policy-data-governance)

[SECTION 1 - Purpose](#section-1---purpose)

[SECTION 2 - Overview](#section-2---overview)

[SECTION 3 - Scope](#section-3---scope)

[SECTION 4 - Definitions](#section-4---definitions)

[SECTION 5 - Policy Statement](#section-5---policy-statement)

[General Policy Statement](#general-policy-statement)

[Procedure: Data Governance](#procedure-data-governance)

[SECTION 1 -- Data Custodianship and Roles](#section-1-data-custodianship-and-roles)

[SECTION 2 -- Data Management](#section-2-data-management)

[Data Classification](#data-classification)

[Data Security Events or Weaknesses](#data-security-events-or-weaknesses)

[ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS](#acknowledgements)

[ASSUMPTIONS](#assumptions)

# Policy: Data Governance 

## SECTION 1 - Purpose 

(1) This policy aims to define and specify Dolfin's framework for data
    governance, which will be used to manage data security, quality,
    integrity, and utilisation during the course of its lifespan.

(2) Data and information are the organisation's strategic assets, and it
    is essential for organisational operations to design suitable
    procedures for managing and using them.

(3) The company may be exposed to risks and experience operational
    inefficiencies as a result of inadequate governance.

## SECTION 2 - Overview 

(4) In terms of governance, staff, procedures, content, and systems,
    this policy establishes guidelines to guarantee the accuracy and
    consistency of Dolfin data.

(5) Improving information and data management from a tactical, strategic
    and operational standpoint would enable the organisation to make
    better use of and exploit its business processes, capabilities, and
    information.

(6) Dolfin acknowledges the following:

    a.  Data is a strategic and valuable asset.

    b.  Clear accountability structures will be established for data.

    c.  Data management will adhere to both internal policies and
        external regulations.

    d.  Data quality will be consistently defined and managed across its
        lifecycle.

## SECTION 3 - Scope 

(7) This Policy applies to:

    a.  All organisational information and data (in any format) used in
        Dolfin's administration.

    b.  Employees, contractors, consumers, and other third parties who,
        in the course of their work, have access to Dolfin's
        information, information systems, and other network facilities.

(8) Policy excludes:

    a.  None currently specified.

## SECTION 4 - Definitions 

***Architecture*** is the process of developing, modelling, obtaining
and integrating data.

***Data*** means any recorded information, including technical data,
fact representations, numbers, and any other kind of information that
can be shared, processed, and stored.

***Data Governance*** is an information governance subset, referring to
the formalisation of an organisation's practices for the definition,
use, and data product to reduce risk and enhance the usefulness and
quality of particular data.

***Data Management*** refers to the skills that are used to guarantee
the privacy, accuracy, quality, and security of information and data
assets across the course of their lifetimes using people, procedures,
and technology.

***Data Custodianship*** is the administrative and/or operational duty
for organisational data.

***Data domain*** refers to high-level categories of organisational
information and data that have been established in order to allocate
accountability and ownership for the data.

***Information*** is any data, in any format, that has been processed,
arranged, structured, or presented in a specific context to make it
usable.

***Information and Data Management Lifecycle*** means the procedures
used to manage data and information from the time of its intended
generation or acquisition until its ultimate disposal.

***Information Governance*** aims to maximise the value of Dolfin's
information and data by optimising and exploiting it, and refers to the
policy-based control of information and data to satisfy risk and
business demands.

***Institutional Information and Data*** is data created, received,
stored, and/or transmitted by the organisation during its operations
that is either owned by Dolfin or is licensed for use in such
operations.

***Metadata*** contains details on the location and time of the
information or data's collection, creation, organisation, transmission
(if applicable),

***Security*** refers to the safety of Dolfin data and information.

***Dolfin Community*** refers to employees and other community members
who, as part of their affiliation with the organisation, generate,
receive, store, access, send, utilise, or discard information and data.

## SECTION 5 - Policy Statement 

### General Policy Statement 

(9) To handle data and information in accordance with operational,
    legal, regulatory, and risk requirements, Dolfin will guarantee
    proper governance.

(10) The following basic guidelines apply to the governance of
     organisational:

     a.  Dolfin will maintain an organisational culture shirt to
         guarantee excellence in data governance and superior
         infrastructure in all its domains.

     b.  To support the application's functionality, Dolfin is dedicated
         to guaranteeing data quality and integrity.

     c.  Dolfin will make sure that individuals in charge of data have
         access to a system of policies and training that guarantees
         data protection through governance and cyber security support
         agencies.

     d.  To guarantee inclusive, transparent, and courteous governance
         of personal data, Dolfin shall have procedures and standards in
         place.

     e.  To achieve excellence in the customer experience with the
         Dolfin application, Dolfin will make sure that data governance
         and management settings are developed that support analytics
         practices among its employees, all without unreasonably
         jeopardising consumer privacy.

     f.  Dolfin will demonstrate leadership by encouraging data exchange
         and provide direction and clarification about sensitive data
         and data security.

     g.  Through data governance, Dolfin is dedicated to achieving
         better results for our community, the environment, our country,
         and the globe.

(11) The roles, accountability, and obligations in relation to the
     management of data and information are defined by the *Data
     Governance Procedure* which may be found below in the Procedures
     part of the Policy.

(12) Dolfin records are maintained current and in an auditable,
     traceable way at every stage of the information and data lifecycle.

(13) In compliance with Dolfin's privacy policy, information and data
     are kept and disposed of appropriately.

# Procedure: Data Governance 

## SECTION 1 -- Data Custodianship and Roles 

(14) The area of custodianship is determined by Dolfin Business Domains
     outlined in the Enterprise Information Model.

(15) Data Custodianship is facilitated by:

     a.  Data Custodian: responsible for overseeing all administrative
         and/or operational aspects of the Business Domain; and

     b.  Data Steward: designated by the Custodian and assists Custodian
         in carrying out day-to-day custodianship-related tasks.

(16) Data Custodianship aims to guarantee that organisational data
     complies with all relevant internal and external laws, rules and
     standards.

(17) Within their Business Domain, Data Custodians are responsible for:

     a.  Shared Dolfin Data Stores which are repositories for
         institutional data management and storage intended to assist
         data analytics and institutional reporting.

     b.  Dolfin Source Systems that are employed in a Business Domain to
         carry out regular business operations.

(18) The Chief Information Officer and Director of Data Analytics
     collaborate to nominate individuals to the data governance
     responsibilities.

## SECTION 2 -- Data Management 

(19) Every piece of organisational data has to be:

     a.  categorised using the Enterprise Information Model.

     b.  comply with the categorisation, storage, security, and Dolfin
         Data Architecture guidelines.

### Data Classification 

(20) The Data Classification Scheme should be followed for classifying
     organisational data, and one of the following four categorisations
     levels should be assigned:

     a.  protected

     b.  confidential

     c.  internal only (by default)

     d.  Open

(21) The internal only categorisation level will be applied by default
     to any data that has not been assigned to one of the four
     categories.

(22) The more restricted classification level has to be used if the data
     may be classified into more than one classification level.

(23) When assigning a classification level to data within their Business
     Domain, the Data Custodian must take into account the following
     factors:

     a.  the asset's value and/or sensitivity, as well as the level of
         protection to be used;

     b.  the asset's confidentiality, integrity and availability;

     c.  the intended distribution with regard to the asset's
         confidentiality, integrity, and availability profile;

     d.  striking a balance between the intended outcomes and the
         day-to-day requirements of operations management; and

     e.  modification possibility after the initial data classification.

(24) The following parties must be consulted before institutional data
     is categorised as Confidential or Protected or before any data is
     modified from these classification levels:

     a.  Legal Services

     b.  The Privacy Officer

(25) The more restrictive categorisation level needs to be used in cases
     when there is a conflict between contractual, legal, or regulatory
     obligations.

(26) All information belonging to Dolfin must be stored safely and
     shielded against illegal use, access and disclosure.

(27) Data Stewards are in charge of authorising new or modified user
     access in accordance with each user's unique function.

(28) Access to data must be granted, changed, or revoked through a
     formal registration process that complies with the Data Security
     Policy.

(29) Data Stewards are responsibility for routinely auditing user access
     in collaboration with the Information Services Security team.

(30) Employees are in charge of safeguarding the organisation's data
     stores and are required to implement good data security practices,
     which include:

     a.  preventing unauthorised access to dashboards, reports or raw
         data, regardless of the device or location;

     b.  producing reports that adhere to privacy principles;

     c.  distributing reports, analysis, and data only to authorised
         recipients;

     d.  upholding the data classification and protection levels in
         reports and output generated throughout the data lifecycle; and

     e.  reporting any detected or suspected data security events or
         weaknesses to the appropriate Data Steward.

(31) The maintenance of data classification levels and the regular
     monitoring of compliance with the data classification levels used
     in reporting and analytics are the responsibilities of Data
     Custodians and/or Data Stewards.

### Data Security Events or Weaknesses

(32) Information system or service users are required to promptly notify
     the appropriate Data Steward of any discovered or suspected
     security incidents or vulnerabilities.

(33) The user of Data Steward should notify the Incident Response
     Liaison in line with Dolfin's *Incident Response Policy* in the
     event that an actual, prospective, or suspected data security
     incident involving personal information.

(34) The **Incident Response Liaison** can be reached at: (03) 1800 765
     from 7:00am -- 7:00pm AEST Sunday to Saturday unless otherwise
     notified.

# ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

The Dolfin Data Governance Policy and Data Governance Procedure were
made with reference to La Trobe's Data Governance Policy, Australia
National University's Data Governance Policy, various Data Policies of
financial institutions including, but not limited to, Westpac Group and
ANZ, OECD Digital Guide to Data Governance Policy, OECD Data Governance
general resources, Westpac Group Consumer Data Right Policy and more.

In compliance with Public Governance, Performance and Accountability
Rule 2014 and Privacy Act 1988. Doublecheck other sources of regulations
this needs to be in compliance with.

# ASSUMPTIONS 

The assumption made for this policy is that Dolfin operates as its own
corporation, a subsidiary of the Databytes company. Moreover, it is
assumed that the roles discussed are present and available in the
company at the time of the policy's and procedure's implementation. It
is also assumed that the policy and procedure were already given the
approval of Dolfin owners and related board members.

There are assumptions made, with reference throughout the policy and
procedure made to a "Data Security Policy", "Information Services
Security team", "Privacy Officer" and other roles and job descriptions
that such roles do or will exist at the time of the policy's creation
and implementation.

There is a pre-existing Business Enterprise Model that covers Dolfin's
Business Domains, including, but not limited to, Human Resources,
Information Security, and Administration.

#  

