---
---

# Contents {#contents .TOC-Heading}

[**Question:** How can I be sure DolFin follows the rules about my
information?
[1](#question-how-can-i-be-sure-dolfin-follows-the-rules-about-my-information)](#question-how-can-i-be-sure-dolfin-follows-the-rules-about-my-information)

[**Question:** Why is DolFin different from other money apps?
[1](#question-why-is-dolfin-different-from-other-money-apps)](#question-why-is-dolfin-different-from-other-money-apps)

[**Question:** Can I trust DolFin with my financial data?
[1](#question-can-i-trust-dolfin-with-my-financial-data)](#question-can-i-trust-dolfin-with-my-financial-data)

[**Question:** How can DolFin help users access their financial
information?
[1](#question-how-can-dolfin-help-users-access-their-financial-information)](#question-how-can-dolfin-help-users-access-their-financial-information)

[**Question:** How does DolFin ensure the security of user data during
registration?
[1](#question-how-does-dolfin-ensure-the-security-of-user-data-during-registration)](#question-how-does-dolfin-ensure-the-security-of-user-data-during-registration)

[**Question:** How does DolFin use AI models to enhance user experience?
[2](#question-how-does-dolfin-use-ai-models-to-enhance-user-experience)](#question-how-does-dolfin-use-ai-models-to-enhance-user-experience)

FAQ User Data

## **Question:** How can I be sure DolFin follows the rules about my information?

**Answer:** DolFin follows strict rules to keep your information safe
and private. We check our systems often to make sure everything is
working right and that no one is trying to get in where they should not.
You can trust DolFin to take good care of your information.

## **Question:** Why is DolFin different from other money apps?

**Answer:** DolFin is different because it works hard to understand your
money and help you with it. It is easy to use and keeps your information
safe. DolFin is like having a smart friend who knows a lot about money
and wants to help you succeed with yours.

## **Question:** Can I trust DolFin with my financial data? 

**Answer:** DolFin prioritizes the security and confidentiality of user
data. We employ robust security measures including encryption of all
personal information stored on our servers. This encryption ensures that
even if unauthorized access occurs user data remains protected.
Additionally DolFin implements strict authentication protocols requiring
users to verify their identity before accessing their accounts.

## **Question:** How can DolFin help users access their financial information?

**Answer:** DolFin allows users to access their financial information
through both desktop and mobile platforms. By utilizing open banking,
data DolFin provides users with a centralized view of their financial
accounts.

## **Question:** How does DolFin ensure the security of user data during registration?

**Answer:** When a user registers an account on DolFin, the web
interface collects their information and sends it to the Flask Frame.
The Flask Frame then saves the users data into the database securely.
Additionally, DolFin establishes a connection between the users DolFin
account and their bank account using the Basiq API, ensuring the safe
transfer of data between the two platforms.

## **Question:** How does DolFin use AI models to enhance user experience?

**Answer:** DolFin uses AI models to provide users with personalized
insights and visualizations on their dashboard. When the web interface
sends requests, transaction data is fetched from the database and sent
to the AI model. The AI model analyzes this data and generates insights
that are then forwarded to the web interface for display on the users
dashboard. This allows users to gain valuable insights into their
finances and make informed decisions.
